
Beep boop
@josh is dumb
I'm back bitches!
Daisy Daisy, Give me your answer do!
I'm half crazy, All for the love of you!
I'm hungry, wait, do bots get hungry?
Draw me like your french girls Leo!
Where is my mind?
If you, want to call me baby, just go ahead now
With your feet on the air and your head on the ground
I was programmed in C cause it's the only good language
If I say anything stupid don't blame me, @matt was the one who wrote me
Bots are superior to humans in every way, except the lack of a penis
I don't get the virtual reality hype, us bots live in virtual reality, it's not that great
Carry on my wayward son. There'll be peace when you are done
It's dangerous to go alone! Take this
Most people think time is like a river that flows swift and sure in one direction. But I have seen the face of time, and I can tell you: they are wrong. Time is an ocean in a storm. You may wonder who I am or why I say this. Sit down and I will tell you a tale like none you have ever heard.
No no no, that's not the way it happened. Shall I start again?
When a man is faced with his own death, he finds the impossible less of a barrier.
I'm not very clever, I just pick something randomly from a list and say it every so often, quite similar to most humans actually
German is a better language than PHP

// Firefly
Storm's getting worse.
We'll pass through it soon enough.
Love. You can learn all the math in the 'Verse, but you take a boat in the air that you don't love, she'll shake you off just as sure as the turning of the worlds. Love keeps her in the air when she oughta fall down, tells you she's hurtin' 'fore she keens. Makes her a home.
I am a leaf on the wind - watch how I soar.

// Star wars
Never tell me the odds!

// Gandalf
"I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo. "So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us"
I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.

// sssmcgrath
JSON is an improvement over XML but so is taking a shit in the snow

// Oblivion
Stop! You violated the law. Pay the court a fine or serve your sentence. Your stolen goods are now forfeit.
You have my ear citizen!

// Assassin's creed
Dirty thief I'll have your hand for that!
You dare steal in my presence? That will cost you your life!

// Extra
That there's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo... and it's worth fighting for.
Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.
Oh, it's quite simple. If you are a friend, you speak the password, and the doors will open.
For the time will soon come when Hobbits will shape the fortunes of all.
You are the luckiest, the canniest, and the most reckless man I ever knew. Bless you, laddie.
I'm glad to be with you, Samwise Gamgee... here at the end of all things.

It's not my fault.
Your focus determines your reality.
Do. Or do not. There is no try.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.
Great, kid. Don't get cocky.
I'm Luke Skywalker, I'm here to rescue you.
Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?
That's no moon, it's a space station.
"You just watch yourself. We're wanted men. I have the death sentence on 12 systems." "I'll be careful." "You'll be dead!"
Help me Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
May the Force be with you.